The rights and duties of the people given by the constitution are important.
The constitution itself is the fundamental organization that forms the nation.
The most important thing is the election.
The people of the Japanese army are now highly respected.
The government is the voice of the people of the pre-war period,
which is the voice of the people who speak out against the evil.
The constitution does not give the people the right to vote,
nor does it give them the right to vote.
The people of the Japanese army are now highly respected.
The constitution does not give the people the right to vote,
nor does it give them the right to vote.
If the constitution itself is incomplete,
the people of the Japanese army have the right to vote.
The constitution does not give the people the right to vote,
nor does it give them the right to vote.
The constitution does not give the people the right to vote.
If the constitution itself is incomplete,
the people of the Japanese army are now highly respected.
The constitution does not give the people the right to vote,
nor does it give them the right to vote.
What is the reason for the people of the Japanese army to be so displeased?
The people of the Japanese army are now highly respected.